Add release notes for packaging log in tmux (#3525)
rhinstaller/anaconda: docs/release-notes/tmux_packaging_log.rst

:Type: TUI
:Summary: Add packaging log to ``tmux`` tabs

:Description:

>     Add the new tab to the ``tmux`` starting the Anaconda installer. This new tab will follow
>     the ``/tmp/packaging.log`` log file.

Reviewer: Just a bit more...

```suggestion
    Add a new tab to the ``tmux`` session starting the Anaconda installer. This new tab follows
    the ``/tmp/packaging.log`` log file.
```

Author: Fixed.

:Type: TUI
:Summary: Add packaging log to ``tmux`` tabs

:Description:
    We already have other important logs in the pre-defined tabs in tmux attached on TTY1.

>     Add the last one missing to easily get access to information about the package installation.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this text describes the features. Also, this is not the last one missing.
